Oh
where do we begin
a year ago these cops and lawyers
wouldn't dare cross any of you only what
happened so what are you proposing
it's simple kill the Batman
here's my card
Bruce this is Harvey Dent Rachel told me
everything about you know certainly home
not
you want still me or we'd be together
did you mean it
Grayson don't make me your only hope for
normal life
your outfit right that's right so they
psychotic ex-boyfriends I should be
aware of oh you ever got like damn good
evening ladies and gentlemen here
tonight's entertainment well hello
beautiful
nervous
I see now would have to become to stop
men like him
the night is darkest just before the
dawn I promise you the dawn is coming
and here we go
this city deserves a better class of
criminal
I'm gonna give it dog
you'll see I'll show you
you either die a hero or you live long
enough to see yourself become the
villain
will you be one in the back picture a
little the day Alfred number is so long
delenn-- book we need a much more subtle